nestled at the lower end of Manoa Valley
lies the legendary when a host school
founded in 1841 Hiram Bingham was leader
of the first group of Protestant
missionaries to introduce Christianity
to the Hawaiian Islands in 1821 ho
school was originally founded to provide
a quality education for the children of
congregational missionaries when hos
current enrollment is over 3500 students
from kindergarten through seniors in
high school a drive of Royal Palms
greets visitors at Punahou slower game
the campus in many ways resembles a New
England Ivy League college they accept
with palm trees and Punahou was
originally called Oahu college the
president's home is a Gothic style
mansion built in 1897 and overlooks a 76
acre campus the campus takes his name
from cop muna ho an artesian spring that
bubbles up through a lily pond at the
edge of the Thurston Memorial Chapel
many of the buildings are named after
the original missionary families that
came to Hawaii
who knows
athletic complex is unparalleled
highlighted by its own 50 metre swimming
pool and a private college size
Fieldhouse the call Punahou an idyllic
setting would be a massive
understatement
who would not have wished to attend this
oldest private school west of the
Mississippi in addition to the classic
music and Fine Arts
Punahou also offers jewelry making and
glassblowing the sheer beauty of the
holy age on campus is breathtaking it's
that part of you which has said yes to
all the stupid little things in school
in life throughout the years like Rocky
Hill and coaches in the pool and girls
with braces the facts prove that this is
no ordinary class American youth finally
concerned with the issues at hand fully
willing to accept the responsibility of
the world
if you are ever on Oahu I would say
Punahou school is a mandatory visual
destination